Can you stop following me?
You are my girlfriend, of course I have to follow you.
No, no, no, what happened to the company?
Not our company
It's Lu Enterprises. Lu Enterprises made up the order overseas this morning.
The Jiang family suddenly put Lu Enterprises
All umbrella stocks have been acquired
Became the largest shareholder overnight
Lu Enterprises is now in a mess
How is it possible for the Jiang family?
Isn't the Jiang family facing bankruptcy settlement?
Who knows?
Still pretending to be poetic
Home is almost gone
You know I'm not poetic
Just your acting
Who can you fool?
Then you know I don't have amnesia
Then you are still willing to let me live in your house
And let me sleep with you
Always mess with me
Do you still have me in your heart?
Go up
Have the mind to play tricks here
Why don't you hurry back to work?
Wait until I finish solving these things.
I'll come to you again.